Deploy + manage: self-managed ES (#678)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/restrictions-known-problems.md

$$$ec-restrictions-apis-kibana$$$

Kibana APIs

> :   There are no rate limits restricting your use of the Kibana APIs. However, Kibana features are affected by the [Kibana configuration settings](/deploy-manage/deploy/self-managed/configure-kibana.md), not all of which are supported in {{ecloud}}. For a list of what settings are currently supported, check [Add Kibana user settings](edit-stack-settings.md). For all details about using the Kibana APIs, check the [Kibana API reference documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/api.html).

Author: ```suggestion
:   There are no rate limits restricting your use of the Kibana APIs. However, Kibana features are affected by the [Kibana configuration settings](kibana://reference/configuration-reference.md), not all of which are supported in {{ecloud}}. For a list of what settings are currently supported, check [Add Kibana user settings](edit-stack-settings.md). For all details about using the Kibana APIs, check the [Kibana API reference documentation](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/).
```
